DB-5856: [docs] Audit uses of back-end and front-end for consistency (#877)
pantheon-systems/decoupled-kit-js: web/docs/Backend Starters/Decoupled Drupal/configuring-existing-project.md

sidebar_position: 1
---

While we offer a [backend starter project](./creating-a-new-project) to simplify

> the process of configuring a Drupal site for use with our frontend starter kits,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the process of configuring a Drupal site for use with our front-end starter kits,
```
Used as adjective
